yeah we were mostly making fun of jensens keynote.   your question is still valid, but two things mixed up. one is what seems to be the new category of agent OS. every company or even just open source project needs a strategy indeed.
"agent os" needs to have a set of features in some kind of nice package: agent loop, workflow engine (of which cron triggers is just a part), secure sandbox, auditing, storage + version control, prompts, skills, LLM connectors, permission system + policy engine, channel connectors (most important one ACP for agent UIs), web apps, a GUI,  MCP (which is really great just fashionable to dunk on right now until everyone discovers its the only way forward)

but for the claw topic:
claw and the name/ branding especially stands for a culture war. everyone knew we need an agentOS even before that name and framing was around. but to build something like this safely requires a lot of work and solving some problems that are just starting to be solvable. the claw community  (i call them clawcells ) are the same kind of NFT tech bros who just went ahead and build the thing everyone is working on without any of the needed architecture to make it safe. So far this is nothing surprising of course the NFT bros and people without interest in software architecure would start to work on dangerous things as coding agents democratise software development. The part where it becomes crazy and crosses the line is where media, companies like nvidia, and even software engineers who should know better uncritically accept claw as the "thing". giving these clawcells publicity and normalising using these systems being outside of experiments is not just dangerous  but also insulting to the people trying to build good software: jensen unironically compared claw with html and linux itself. i saw TV shows interviewing the claw guy on AI safety as if he was doing AI research.

claw stands for ignoring 40 year of software practices and safety and throwing your life with yolo at an agent.